Illegal option -s
Illegal option -s
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: bad option: UNIT=location
ush: bad option: UFK=p2p
Segmentation fault
ush: bad option: UNIT=location
Segmentation fault
Illegal option -s
Illegal option -s
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: bad option: UNIT=location
ush: bad option: UFK=p2p
Segmentation fault
ush: bad option: UNIT=location
Segmentation fault
Illegal option -s
Illegal option -s
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: bad option: UNIT=location
ush: bad option: UFK=p2p
Segmentation fault
ush: bad option: UNIT=location
Segmentation fault
Illegal option -s
Illegal option -s
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: bad option: UNIT=location
ush: bad option: UFK=p2p
Segmentation fault
ush: bad option: UNIT=location
Segmentation fault
Illegal option -s
Illegal option -s
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: bad option: UNIT=location
ush: bad option: UFK=p2p
Segmentation fault
ush: bad option: UNIT=location
Segmentation fault
Illegal option -s
Illegal option -s
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: bad option: UNIT=location
ush: bad option: UFK=p2p
Segmentation fault
ush: bad option: UNIT=location
Segmentation fault
Illegal option -s
Illegal option -s
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: command not found: cd
ush: bad option: UNIT=location
ush: bad option: UFK=p2p
Segmentation fault
ush: bad option: UNIT=location
Segmentation fault
